# CS 161 

## Lecture 1 - Introduction and Security Principles

Introductions and Logistics

Jordan is rising 5th year undergrad. Computer Science + Cognitive Science. Research in CS ed. Taught 61a for 7 semesters. Head TA for 161 2 sems. Student support + DSP.

Ashley. Rising 4th year undergrad. CS + Cog Sci + Logic. TA for 161 2 semesters. Infra + Ed. 

Agnel Aldaco. Larence Shieh. Henry Zeng. Jonny Pei. Owen Thompson. Brandon Wong. Jonah Bedouch. Pradyun Kumar. Raghav Punnam. Ria Jain. 

### Learning Objectives

Think adversarially about computer systems. 
Assess threats for their significance. 
Build computer systems with robust security properties.
How to guage the protectiond and limitations provided by today's technology.
How attacks work in practice. 

What mistakes not to make!

### Course Outline

Introduction to Security
Memory Safety
Cryptography
Web Security
Network Security
Miscellaneous. 

### Extra Tools and Skills

Memory safety:
- x86 assemply. commonly-used assembly language
- Using GDP to debug C code. Might be the biggest takeaway from the class.

Cryptography:
- Become a better consumer. Better analyze security products and pick the right security tools. 

Web security:
- Software engineering: Understanding how websites are build and how browser interacts with remote web servers

Network security:
- How does the internet work.

### Prerequisites

CS 61B. Ability to work with large and complex codebases, databases. Project 2 (500-1000 lines of Go code). 

CS 61C: Familiarity with low-level memory layouts and assembly. 

CS 70: Familiarity with basic mathematical notation and proof structures. 

Ability to pick up new programming languages quickly. Project 2 will be in Go. 

How much RISC-V do we need to know to succeed with x86? Didn't hear the response. 

### Course Logistics

Lecture. MTWTh 12:30-2PM. Attendance not taken. In person in Hearst Field Annex 1. Synchronous online (live lectures over zoom). 

Discusions. All in person. Check on calendar. There was a 61C review session on Zoom as a one-off. 

All regular discussions start from first week. Can attend any discussion section I want. 

Asynchronous online discussion walkthroughs. 

Office Hours. Instructor office hours after lecture on M-Th. Otherwise with TAs, check calendar. 

Office hours queue. oh.cs161.org. Not prioritizing online help requests if absolutely necessary. 

Exams. 
- Midterm: Monday July 8, 7-9 PM.
- Final: Friday, Aug 9, 3-6 PM. 
- Remote exams offered at the same time and have to consent to video proctoring policy. Reserve right to revoke remote exam privileges. Lenient with remote exams. 

### Resources

Textbook: textbook.cs161.org
Readings optional, but past students have said textbook is helpful. 

Website: course schedule, lecture slides, assigned readings, other resources all posted here. 

Unless websites ADA-accessible, have to be behind Berkeley SSO. 

### Platforms

Edstem. Discussion forum. 

Gradescope. All assignments are submitted and graded on Gradescope. 

Email. cs161-staff@berkeley.edu for private matters. 

### Grading Structure

Homework: 10%. 7 in total, weighted equally. Instant feedback. No credit for submitting late, unless extension. 

Projects: 40%. P1 = 10, P2 = 20, P3 = 10

Completed individually or in groups of 2
No credit for submitting late, unless you have an extension. 

Project 2 takes the longest. We design a system, and staff runs attacks on it. 

Average on project 2 is 60-70%. 

Midterm is 20%. 

Final: 30% of the grade. 

Course has historically been curved. Minimum bins are posted. 

Once you see your score on project 2, you can't re-submit. 

### Extensions

No slip days or assignment drops. Request extensions on any assignment for any reason. Extensions <=3 days will be automattical approved if before deadline. 

Longer ones may be approved but have to check to make sure on pace before EOS. 

### Collaboration

Limits of collaboration
- Don't share solutions with each other except partners
- Never see or have possession of anyone else's solutions including from past semesters
- If you're not sure, see the policies page on the website or ask us first. 

Staff is not responsible for partnerships
- Penalites apply for all group members

### Academic Honesty

Negative points on assignment. 
Referral to Center of Student Conduct.

### Stress Management and Mental Health

Project 2 will be most intense. Things are easier towards the end. Project 3 is lightweight. 

### Ethics

Will learn a lot about attacks out of necessity. 
Usually okay to break into your own systems. 
Usually okay to break into someone else's systems with their explicit permission. 
Grossly unethical and exceedingly criminal to break into other people's systems without their permission. 

### Case Studies and Blue Slides

Case study slides. Real-world examples to demonstrate concepts. 

Stuxnet. Discovered July 2010, released March 2010. Some computers connected to Iranian nuclear program, tamper with centrifuges. 

Created by US. 

### What is security?

Enforcing a desired property in the presence of an attacker.

Every software is hackable. Especially things connected to the Internet. 

### Security Principles

#### The Parable of the Bear Race

"I don't need to outrun the bear, I just need to outrun you".

Threat model. Who your attacker is and what resources they have. Why do people attack systems?

Money, politics, retaliation, watching the world burn. 

Assume the attacker:
- Interact with systems without notice
- General information about systems
- Can get lucky
- May coordinate complex attacks across diffferent systems
- Resources required to mount attack
- Can and will obtain privileges

#### Trusted Computing Base

Components of a system that security relies upon. 

Properties of TCP:
- Correctness
- Completeness
- Security

Generally made to be as small as possible
- Smaller, simpler TCB is easier to write and audit
- KISS principle. Keep It Simple, Stupid. 

Warning Dialogs:
- How do we make them go away?
- Even CS majors don't necessarily care about this

It all comes down to people: The users
- Users like convenience (ease of use)
- If a security system is unusable, it will be unused
- Users will find ways to subvert security systems if it makes their lives easier

It all comes down to people: The programmers
- Programmers make mistakes
- Programmers use tools that allow them to make mistakes (e.g C and C++)

Social engineering attacks exploit other people's trust and access for personal gain.

Consider tools presented to users, and make them fool-proof. 

Physical security keys use the fact that humans are trained to safeguard keys. 

#### Physical Safes

We want our safes to stop people from breaking in, let's measure them by how long it takes an expert to break into one. Each safe has different costs and requirements and time to break in. 

Security is economics. 

Expected benefit to the attacker should ideally be smaller than the expected cost of attack. 

Example: You have a brand-new, undiscovered attack that will work on anybody's computer. You wouldn't expose it on a random civilian. 
- iPhone security vulnerabilities are often sold for ~1$M on the market, so it's probable safe to use an iPhone on a hostile network if you aren't a $1M target

### Detect if you can't prevent

Security companies are supposed to detect home break-ins. 
- Too many false alarms. 
- Placing sign helps deter burglars from entering  at risk of being caught. Even if you don't have an alarm installed. 

Deterrence
Prevention
Detection

If you can't stop the attack from happening, you shoiuld at least be able to know that the attack has happened.

Reponse: Do something about the attack after it happened. 

Detection without response is pointless. 

## Lecture 2: x86 Assembly and Call Stack

Most of Project 1 requires Thursday lecture. Lecture 3.

### Hexadecimal

4 binary bits can represent one hex digit. Great for short representation of long bit strings. If it's not in a multiple of 4, you just append zeros at the beginning of it.

### Running C Programs

CALL: Compiler, Assembler, Linker, Loader

C code -> (compiles) -> Assembly Code -> (Assembly) -> Machine Code 

Loader setups up memory space and runs the program.

### C Memory Layout

At runtime, loader tells OS to give program a big blob of memory. On 32-bit system, memory has 32-bit addresses

Each address refers to one byte, so 2^32 bytes of memory

Two dimensional array for the stack. Vertical has higher addresses on the top, lowest addresses on the bottom. Width is 4 bytes long (one word) since 32 bit systems.

### Endianness

On each row of the grid, we put 4 bytes, 1 word.

The way that we decide the order in which bytes are read together to construct meaning.

How do we write dates?
You want to communicate three dates to your friend:
- June 18, 2024
- July 8, 2024
- August 9, 2024
Can write for example 24 06 18 etc

The big-endian version is writing the biggest units first. 

### Little-endian words

Combine four bytes on a row to form a word.

x86 is little-endian, which means the word formed by the first four bytes is 0x44332211. Most significant byte -> least significant byte

An address can address a byte, but it can also address a word. 

### Memory Layout

Code
- Program code itself

Data
- Static varaibles, allocated when program is started

Heap
- Dynamically allocated memory using malloc and free. Memory grows upwards

Stack
- Local variables and stack frames
- Deeper function calls grow downwards

### Registers

Registers point to memory but not in-memory.

Can refer to registered by their name. 

### x86 Architecture

Why x86?

Most commonly used instruction set architecture in consumer computers. Unless you're on phone, tablet, or recent Mac.

Only need to be able to read it and know what's going on.

x86 fact sheet.
- Little-endian
- Variable-length instructions
  - When assembled into machine code, isntructions can be anywhere from 1 to 16 bytes long
  - RISC-V is fixed length

### x86 Registers

Storage units as part of the CPU architecture. Not part of memory.

Only 8 main general-purpose registers:
  - EAX, EBX, ECX, EDX, ESI, EDI: General-purpose
  - ESP: Stack pointer (similar to sp tin RISC-V)
  - EBP: Base pointer (similar to fp in RISC-V)
  - Discuss ESB and EBP in more detail later

Instruction pointer register: EIP
  - Similar to PC in RISC-V

### x86 Syntax

AT&T Syntax which is used in GDB

Register references are preceded with a percent sign 

Immediates are preceded with dollar sign $

Memory references use parentheses and can have immediate offsets
- Example: 8 (%esp) dereferences memory 8 bytes above the address in ESP

Instructions are composed of an opcode and zero or more operands

`add $0x8, %ebx`
- opcode, source, destination

`xorld 4(%esi), %eax`
- Opcode, source, destination

### Stack Layout

Stack frames
- When code called a function, space is made on the stack for local variables. Known as the stack frame for the function
- Stay frame goes away once function returns

Stack starts at higher addresses. Every time code calls a function, stack makes extra space by growing down
- Data on the stack like a string is still stored from lowest address to highest address. Growing down only happens when extra memory needs to be allocated.

To keep track of the current stack frame, we store two pointers in registers. 
- EBP register points to the top of the current stack frame. Equivalent to fp in RISC-V
- ESP reigster points to the bottom of the current stack frame. Equivalent to RISC-V sp

A pointer is really just a memory address. 

### Pushing and Popping

Push instruction adds an alement to the stack
- Decrement ESP to allocate more memory on the stack
- Save the new value on the lowest value of the stack

Pop instruction removed an element from the stack. 

### x86 Stack Layout

- In this class, assume local variables always allocated on the stack
- Individual variables within a stack frame are stored with the first variable at the highest address
- Members of a struct are stored with the first member at the lowest address
- Global variables (not on the stack) are stored with the first variables at the lowest address

Note that struct members are stored in reverse order. 

### Calling Convention

Basis for all of the memory safety unit. Understanding this fully will allow us to understand all the exploits we teach.

### Function Calls

Example function on slide 45. Internal function calls are interesting. 

An understood way for functions to call other functions and know what state the processor will return in

How to pass arguments
- Arguments are pushed onto the stack in reverse order, so func(val1, val2, val3) will place val3 at the highest memory address, then val2, then val1
- Contrast with RISC-V, which passes arguments in argument registers (a0-a7)

How to receive return values
- Return values are passed in EAX
- Similar to RISC-V, which passes return values in a0-a1

Which registers are called-saved or callee-saved
- Calle-saved: The callee must not change the value of the register when it returns

### Calling a Function in x86

When called a function, ESP and EBP need to shift to create a new stack frame, and the EIP must move to the callee's code

When returning from a function, ESP, EBP, and EIP must return to their old values

### x86 Calling Convention Design

Review: Stack, registers
- Any time your code calls a function, space is made on the stack for local variables. Space goes awaay once function returns
- Stack starts at higher addresses and grows down
- Registers are 32-bit (or 4-byte, or 1-word) units of memory located on CPU

Review: words, code section
- Code section contains raw bytes that represent assembly instructions
- Omit the static and heap sections to save space
- Each row of the diagram is 1 word = 4 bytes = 32 bits
- Addresses increase as you move up the diagram

### Designing the stack: requirements

Don't forget calling convention: if we ever overwrite a saved register, we should remember its old value by putting it on the stack.

#### Arguments

First we push arguments onto the stack
Adjust esp to point to new lowest value on the stack
Arguments are added to stack in reverse order

#### Remember eip

Push the current value of eip on the stack. Tells us what code to execute next after the function returns. Similar to putting a return address in ra in RISC-V

Remember to adjust esp to point to the new lowest value on the stack

Sometimes called rip (return instruction pointer)

#### Remember ebp

Next, push the current value of ebp on the stack. This will let us restore the top of the previous stack frame when we return. ebp is a saved register. We store its old value on the stack before overwriting it.

Remember to adjust esp to point to the new lowest value on the stack.

This value is sometimes known as the sfp (saved frame pointer) because it reminds us where the previous frame was.

sfp is a like a linked list.

#### Adjust the stack frame

- Update all three registers
- Can safely do this becuase we've just saved the old values of ebp and eip. esp will always be the bottom of the stack, so no need to save it.

ebp now points to the top of the current stack frame which is always the sfp. ebp points to old value of ebp. 

#### Execute the function

Now stack frame is read to do whatever function instructions say to do. Any local variables can be moved onto the stack now.

#### Restore Everything

Put all three registers back where they were. Use addresses stored in rip and sfp to restore eip and ebp to their old values.

esp naturally moved back to its old place as we undo all out work, involved popping values off the stack. Note that the values we pushed on the stack are still there. We don't overwrite them to save time. But they are below esp to they cannot be accessed by memory. 

### Steps of a function call (complete)

1. Push arguments on the stack
2. Push old eip (rip) on the stack
3. Move eip
4. Push old ebp (sfp) on the stack
5. Move ebp
6. Move esp
7. Execute function
8. Move esp
9. Restore old ebp (sfp)
10. Restore old eip (rip)
11. Remove arguments from the stack

Check slide 75 onwards. 

## Lecture 3: Memory Safety Vulnerabilities

#### Buffer Overflow Vulnerabilities

Consider an airport terminal. How does a computer know how to parse the data? How could Alice exploit this?

Computer doesn't understand there should be a line boundary. By inserting padding characters and exploiting lack of boundaries betweemn lines, Alice can appear to be first class. 

There are no boundaries between things in C memory. 

C has no concept of array length. Just sees a sequence of bytes. If you allow an attack to start writing at a location and don't define whn they must stop, they can overwrite other parts of memory.

`gets` is a C function for get string. Write bytes until input contains a newline, not when end of array is reached. Okay, but nothing to overwrite, for now.

Top 25 Most Dangerous Software Weaknesses. Most of these will be covered. 

### Stack Smashing

Most common kind of buffer overflow
Occurs on stack memory
Recall: What are some values on the stack an attacker can overflow?
- Local variables
- Function arguments
- Saved frame pointer (SFP)
- Return instruction pointer (RIP)

Recall: When returning from a program, the EIP is set to the value of the RIP saved on the stack in memory. 
- Like the function pointer, this lets the attack choose an address to jump (return) to!

### Note: Python Syntax

You will see Python syntax used to represent sequences of bytes.

Addings strings: Concatenation. Multiplying strings: repeated concatenation

Raw bytes: `len('\xff') == 1`

Characters can be represented as bytes too: '\x41' == 'A'. ASCII representation: All characters are bytes, but not all bytes are characters.

`len('\\xff')` == 4 because the slash is escaped first. This is a literal slash character, a literal 'x' character, and 2 literal 'f' characters. `'\\xff' == '\x5c\x78\x66\x66'`

There is no syncing between VMs in the hive. 

Each question in Project 1 is on scope for the midterm and final. Each tests a significantly different exploit. 

### Buffer Overflow Vulnerabilities

Stack smashing.

Most common kind of buffer overflow. Occurs on stack memory. 

`gets` automatically ads the nullbyte. Wants it to be a well-formed string.

### Writing Malicious Code

Most common way of executing malicious code is to place it in memory yourself. 

Shellcode: Malicious code inserted by the attacker into memory, to be executed using a memory safety exploit. Called shellcode because it usually spawns a shell (terminal). Call also delete files, run another program, etc.

### Putting Together an Attack

1. Find a memory safety (e.g buffer overflow) vulnerability
2. Write malicious shellcode at a known memory address
3. Overwrite the RIP with the address of the shellcode
  - Shellcode can be written and RIP can be overwritten in the same function call
4. Return from the function.

The enemy knows the system. Don't pretend that the enemy doesn't know how your system works. 

### Memory-Safe Code

use gets(name, 20, stdin). Only allow the users to write that many bytes including the end operator. sizeof() doesn't work for the pointer. 

### Integer Memory Safety Vulnerabilities

### Format String Vulnerabilities

- Attacker can specify any format string they want. 
  - printf("100% done!") -> Prints 4 byts on the stack, 8 bytes above the RIP of printf
  - printf("100% stopped.") -> Print the bytes pointed to by the address located 8 bytes above the RIP of prinf, until the first NULL byte.
  - printf("%x %x %x %x ...") -> Print a series of values on the stack in hex

### Format String Vulnerabilities: Defense
Use prinf("%s", buf);

Ensure that attacker cannot control first argument into printf

### Off-by-one exploit

Slide 38. 

C doesn't do any bounds checking. Attacker is able to overwrite all of name and the LSB of the SFP. 

The C program now thinks that the SFP of main and the RIP of main are inside name. 


