---
title: "Tuesday August 27th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-27T09:33:47"
date: "2024-08-27T09:33:50"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false  
---

# Testimonials Project
- New data export givenon August 26th

# Data Science Sync
- Introduction of Steven
- Ryan: Playing around with dashboard capabilities in Databricks to takeover AWS Quicksight. Cyrus and Alex to help figure out cluster rightsizing for databricks dashboards
- Cyrus: Alex has finished ETL on some fraction of the tables. Ryan starts the process of moving to git repository. 
- Sagar: Put some sort of structure to get CI-CD working. See how far away templates are towards Brickflow.
- Sagar: Went through documentation of hybrid cloud. Support from qdrant guys. Taylor has done the heavy listing in terms of creating the cluster. Anj finished the billing pipeline. Meeting at 2pm. Working to get filters working on post data. Cyrus and Sagar will go through the code to run the search as expected. Steven and Sagar worked together at Quotient. Both had Anj as a boss. 
- Cyrus: Trained a model and ready to push into model serving on AWS. Sagemaker SDK and option with mlflow via Databricks. We're finetuning a weaker model in the Databricks environment and serve the model in AWS. Waiting to hear back from yesterday's submission about our dashboard. 

# Sushant Cyrus 1-1
- Can do whatever accounts received from then. 
- Databricks people haven't reached out to us.
- 170k quote for 1.7 million backfill. 
- Evaluation on finetuned model. 
- Migrate summarization
