---
title: "Monday July 22, 2024"
date_created: "2024-07-22T09:56:47"
date: "2024-07-22T09:56:50"
---
# Things to do
- [] AWS Secrets Manager Migration
- [] GPT 4o mini for profile summarization evaluation
- [] Debug context creation bug for LLM
- [] Implement performance testing for each unit of processing. 

# Agenda:
- Data Science Team Sync 10:30am
- Optional Databricks meeting at 11 AM
- Cyrus Sushant sync 12pm

# Data Science Team Sync
- Ryan will be working on categorizing verticals ground truth data
- Cyrus will be doing openAI batch inference script
- Sushant might need to get access to Weaviate to run searches. 

## Data Ingestion
- Hoping to get an update from Alex about ingestion pipelines
- Where is his codebase right now? Just go to the workflow and look at the notebooks that are part of it. 
- Don't want to disturb his vacation and start putting the pieces together. 
- Mobius and demo pro pipelines. demo_pro_analysis is the big demo pro. 

## Youtube accounts sample embedding
- 15000 youtube accounts sampled. I use this table for the profile summarization. 

## Code Stuff for Dev
- This week: All the code merged into dev. 
- Summarizations for embedding
- Verticals for indexing
- demo-pro and mobius image recognition tables. For youtube, thumbnail is tagged for videos. 
- For AI Summarization, retrieval is pulling from two tables: network_account_table (live list of accounts), databricks vector store which has indexed cippus text. Raw data is coming from unity catalog. `influential.poc.___`. 
- Cyrus was waiting on network_account_table for a long time, so he pulled from redshift. Unity catalog includes `hidden` field which is 8% of all posts. Shouldn't be indexed in search. network_account level and the post level. For youtube sample, there are some posts that are hidden. 15,000 non-hidden posts / 17k. 
- Sagar will populate vector search by 3 PM. Run all pipelines against this data. 

# Think of questions to ask Cyrus for 11-12 DAB meeting  
- Nothing relevant
- Optional discussions about MLflow capabilities

# 11:30-12pm
- Hook up new table `influential.poc.youtube_rag_posts` to pipeline. 

# 12:30-1:30PM
- Average input token and average output token
- [] AWS Secrets Manager Migration

- Preprocessing workflow
- Summarization workflow
- Timestamp table. Timeseries of 15000 accounts. 

