---
title: "Monday August 12, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-12T07:03:12"
date: "2024-08-12T07:03:16"
author: Sushant Vema
---
# Top of Mind
- Forgotten extension cords. Need to pick it up again
- Figure out an action plan for remaining two classes at Berkeley
- Get ready for 2 PM AlixPartners meeting and plan the rest of my week. 
- Cancel useless subscriptions

# Time Tracking
## Influential
- 
## AlixPartners

# Meetings
## New Roster Mapping Discussion
- There is a discussion about radial
- Current vendor mapping approach is zero shot, no active learning.
- Prototype the version in DD and then make a decision as to where that lives.
- Chris works on Databricks, model storing, providing endpoints.
- Ultimately the model will need to be deployed on the prod environment
- Who's going to own the integration and development of the interface. Passive learning component.

## Discussion with Databricks Folks about Max Provisioned Throughput
- Mojgan: The max provisioned throughput reflects the GPU band that the max promised/guaranteed throughput is provided for that band; it won’t limit the context; it reflects the throughput you should expect from the GPU you are paying for.

## Data Science Standup
- Alex: Coding and testing incremental ETL Notebooks
- Getting from MariaDB should be quick compared to the downstream stuff. 
- Cyrus: Today's testing involves figuring out what the daily workload is. This is for all platforms
- Figure out, now that we have all tables in the raw layer, make a decision about the best way forward for platform-per-platform releases. Maybe materialized view?
- Ryan: Naming conventions. Working on Sephora dashboard. 
- Sushant:
- Cyrus: Based on result of the 500 test, we might just run the full 3000. If we don't do the verticals for production, we will use summaries generated from Databricks. 
- Meeting with Qdrant this morning. Most reasonable cost estimate among vector store vendors. $101k, some discounts to $71k. $23k for compute costs. $100k for search per annum. Under $10k per month which is what Anj wanted. This is for all $1 billion vectors. Includes mobius and demo-pro. The biggest driver of costs is the embeddings. Any datapoints that are filters don't cost anything for ingestion. 
- Drafting the algorithm for sephora. Reread the documentation they send, grab the weights, do the ranking. 
- Qdrant meeting will set up later this week meeting with Cyrus and Alex
- Ryan: Acquisition meetings. Should be weekly meetings and emails about options, but in the dark

## Cyrus 1-1
- mlflow evaluation
- In your mind, we need to have an idea what we. 
- Launch end of day tomorrow
- Incremental ETL will be put together. Have to figure out - do we want to update the RAG process?
- Change data capture. 
- The write end will be easier. Each time I'll get a new set of RAG posts. No Change Data Caputer on my end
- The whole RAG process might be obsolete if we go with another vendor. 
- Sagar get's back on the 15th. He will be working full day on Friday. Speak with him on Friday. 
- We want to get summaries done by end of day tomorrow or Wednesday at the latest. Pivoting away from this project to Sephora project. Thursday meeting for that. 
- 3300 will be a good test for speed. 
- First testimonials batch will be a week after. 
- Databricks call later toady about vector search stuff at 2:30. 
- Down the line, we can set up a review app and feed it to folks in the team. 
- Slack chatbot. User's will feed network_account_ids and the chatbot will do a scan of the internet 
- Even if we don't use Databricks as a model serving endpoint, as long as we're using some. Togetherai, anyscale, bedrock. 

## Natalia, Kashyap, Sushant, Kevin, RPM Discussion
- This is a really really tough problem
- Idea: 
  - Discover "types" of RPM sheets 
  - Text extraction to a flexible schema
  - Use regex to intelligently find numbers in extracted text mined from PDF's 
  - Cache the resulting categories and cluster them together
- Document Intelligence API. Return Markdown output. 
- Set up in Dandelion Dreams environment. 
- Convert every PDF 
- Only one stakeholder. Team that is building the RPM database. Argentino. Adriana. 
- Output the format in Excel. Manually assess it. RPM database gets used by the entire company. 
- Better question for the RPM building team.
- I'll

