---
title: "Thursday December 12th"
---

Broadly, we turned off a lot of stuff. We have to talk about which bits we need to turn back on, in what priority. 

All templates are gone. 

Frontend bulk contract highlighting thing. We can't do highlighting without citations. Someone is wanting to prioritize it. 

Jim adds a lot of things to the sprint without strategic thought. 

Switched off because they were breaking. Any templates wouldn't work. Some worked because they were not working. Some taken out because they were dubious in value. 

Broadly speaking, what this capability does is take longform documents, feed it through the LLM, use Structured Outputs capability to capture the output as pydantic model. 

Do postprocessing on the output to produce excel document. Depending on the complexity of the input schema, we do postprocessing to explode things out. 

Upfront we assign a template with a postprocessing step. We're in the process of doing bug fixes and quality of life improvements. 

William and Toby: error handling. Transitioning to formal structured outputs API through APIM endpoint. 

Once we evaluated which logic was appropriate. Is extraction just text? Just text currently. Eventually we will need to support images. 

So many pieces of low-hanging fruit to solve for first. 

I have 5 things I think we need to do that don't really have tickets yet
 
1)	Front End Citations & (Citation Highlighting)
2)	Templates - which ones to re-enable
3) Need to work on a recursive solution to model depth
4)	Async functionality (necessary for ingestion)
5)	Sushant's bespoke citations work
6)	All the above with consideration of 'service-ifying' extraction for CHP11 team

Each row of that table is a different field. Click on that row and jump to the citation. 

Citations themselves are useful to have in the output. We have logic for, but we took it out. 

Less of a focus needed on citations. 
 
Toby: get your thoughts converted to tickets. even if citations highlighting is not a priority. 

Just to simplify things, we took out all of the other templates. 

Yesterday Milton was trying to run a template. He was trying ot use a List Class field which is not yet supported. 

Different teams should get the output they want.

Upon ingestion, we caetgorize each file in order to detect if it's an MSA, purchase order, contract, lease. Then we have pre-built templates associated with that extraction type. 

At least being able to categorize them effectively. Currently it's done in the homepage. 

6) categorise files during ingestion to select template (or none) to extract
 
7) result/intermediate result storage and end result storage (ingestion or otherwise)

We control the recursion to some degree. Most complex is the List of Class. At least for now, just supporting List of Primitive is the simplest thing. 

We don't have capability to recursively transform a JSOn to a pydantic model. We can not pickle the pydantic object. 

Laszlo: Is Toby the right person to do this (list of class)?

Draw a dependency list for this list of items. 

2 or 3 major issues here from high level perspective. 

Chapter 11 is not too distant future. 
1. how important is it to have extractor in ingestion.
2. frontend citations and templates are parallel to this work.
3. Will and Sushant better positioned to figure out what the templates are, what is needed.

Extractor Manager as it is was part of a refactoring death march from 2 months. Probably does too much. 

Andres doesn't know how ingestion runs currently. When we say service-ifying, doe sthat mean having long running services and kicking it off remotely?

Will and Milton can talk to Kevin about the templates. They are the users of these templates. 

If we are all confused about what to do. Shall we move this to a wiki or feature page. There is a lot of content. This is one of the meatiest features in the app after ingestion and chat. 

Will: templates
Toby: Structured outputs. Talking to sunil. PR raised. just a ticket to 

Structured Outputs guarantees that it adheres to the schema defined. Instructor under the hood just keeps retrying. 

Triple exponential backoff. Instructor doing retries to get outputs. 

Toby has been stuck in the mud with the code freeze. Support with Sunil for IAC. Push harder because this is top priority. Testing is super important because we're upgrading openai, making these changes. 

We did a bunch of rework on the extractor manager logic. 


