---
title: "Tuesday September 10th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-09-10T08:48:22"
date: "2024-09-10T08:48:25"
publish: false
tags:
  - "agenda"
---

# Personal

# Meetings
## Influential - Data Science Standup
- Cyrus: Launch inference of 1000 to compare to the old classifications 
- Sushant: 

## AlixPartners - RPMs: Data Upload Process Checkin
### Message from Adriane
In a discussion with Mo and Natalia today, we agreed on that we can use your time to help us on the data upload and validation process of the +250 companies that we have, into our RPMs database, I’m setting this time to help you in whatever we can.

Karina (our dev tech lead) is setting up a staging environment to upload the data, once we confirm the data is validated we can move it to production.

I want to walk you through  the database tables and the API that we can use to upload the data on our first session.  

### Notes
Adriane and someone else. 
Introduced me to Karina. Technical point of contact. 

Meeting yesterday with Natalia and Kevin because this team needs RPM data validated and ingested in October. 

Data, structure, and API Karina will help me. Putting me in contact with any practitioners to validate the data. 

Conversation with people from M&A last week. They mentioned me. 

Good news is that we have an Excel up to 200 companies. 

Small and simple diagram to describe the data structure. We will be moving all of the data to the database through the API. There are a few endpoints I will need. Will send me the master key to connect to that API on the staging environment. 

Mapping the company names with the id's we are mapping. 

Adriane is showing me the dashboard now. RPMS centralized repository. 

Temporary dashboard for external stakeholders to validate. 

Always do a discovery process with stakeholders. 

Template with different values. 

Can ask Franz to take a look at the dashboard. 

### API Discussion
Adriana has a script that needs modifications. Script to facilitate the process. 

All of our database has firewall checkins that allow connections from a specific VDI. 

We will get the master key so companies can be created. 

The Source value in the RosterJobReference. 

Next Steps:
  - Script
  - PowerBI Dashboard
  - Highlighted slides with the probably fields 
  - Finish the endpoints 
  - staging URL is there

## AlixPartners - RPM Checkin
- Natalia, Kevin, Sushant, Kashyap declined
- Set up a recurring meeting with Adriana and Karina from the platform team to make progress on the RPM database. M&A wants RPMs to be ingested by October, so the focus will be on that. Building a tool to ingest the benchmark database excel sheet with RPMs from 200 companies into the database. 
- Kevin wanted help with contract processing. 
- Carlos mentioned that he has 100s of them. 
- Kashyap or Mo mentioned that they could use some help with contract processing. 

### Kevin Document Extraction Project
- Basic implementation that works relatively well. 
- Error handling, retries, smarter ways to think about pydantic schema. Can we get to the next level of pricing information, lots of stuff. 
- Build in a way that's generalizable. 
- Sliding window or chunking. Mini RAG with embedding search. 
- Depends on the project. 12000, 2000. 
- Pricing sheets (microsoft purchase agreement) that are validated. Those are smaller scale. 
- 12,000 case, there are 5 or 6 types of issues. Average is missing. We kind of have the capability, but we need the citations as well. 
- Line numbers versus regurgitated text. 
- Development branch on dandelion dreams
- Walkthrough tomorrow. 
- Can do dev and QA on local. Just has to be careful about mixing client. 
- Wil be pointed to the files that are most relevant
