---
title: "Wednesday August 28th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-28T08:23:08"
date: "2024-08-28T08:23:12"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false  
---

# Top of Mind
- Influential:
  - Contract extension
  - Testimonials summarization
  - Databricks checkin
- AlixPartners:
  - RPM Extraction
  - Reach out to Adriana and Emile for feedback on Centrum based on current schema
- Berkeley:
  - Somehow get into a class
- Berkeley City College:
  - Start history 7b course

# Meetings
## Data Science Standup
- Cyrus: tail end of yesterday tested the finetuned model. Not terribly performant. Drop the verticals that aren't performant for later version. The point of using AI and not ML. Will be much faster if we have vector store setup. Need to recruit non-technical people to label a lot of data. We don't have the ability or luxury to do that. Scrap the verticals that the model doesn't understand as a natural language concept. Go with the performant verticals. Can return search in 6-12 months with all verticals, or search without those right now. Serve model on AWS. Kat is the product owner of the search vertical. Will speak to her in our data science weekly meeting today. Use off the shelf model and drop non-performant verticals.
- Sagar: Stuck getting qdrant cluster to work. Working with Taylor to get it going - not able to see any nodes on qdrant cluster. When creating in hybrid cloud control panel, it's stuck there. Not particularly blocked by anybody. Sagar will share the Jira epic. 
- Cyrus: Invite the meeting with Kat this afternoon. 
- Ryan: ETL stuff. 
- Alex: ETL for three of the tables. Extracted straight from RDS to S3 using AWS console. Migrated over to current S3 structure and partitioning. Running into issues with using an existing notebook to get data into a delta table... Error potentially related to request limits in S3. Asked Taylor if there are logs of AWS errors on the AWS side. Callbacks on Databricks are not specific. Only logging that Taylor is aware of is Cloudwatch. 
- Cyrus: What is the timeline for 2.0? The timeline was yesterday. What we're doing, companies of our size weren't doing 2 years ago. The tools we're using are literally months old. If we commit to a deadline, we have to commit our vendors to a deadline. We're working on an extraordinarily tight budget, yet we're still making progress. Not reasonable to put a specific date on us. So much up in the air because of these new tools. 
- Sagar: When this project started, we were in the midst of migrating into Databricks. Will share the diagram. First step was understanding how to build a consistent data layer for search. This is where Alex is focusing. Building the raw data layer which is the base of the search. Come to a state where the team is comfortable using Databricks. Now have to apply enterprise governance tooling. Now we need a good vector database. Spent time with Weaviate, didn't work out. They're not enterprise ready. Moved to qddrant which is the new vector database. Slowly we're getting to a stage where we will have consistent demos starting from next week. Now we're in a stage to start giving timelines. 
- Cyrus: We're still hard-pressed to find a final date, but that's why we're giving these demos. 

## Databricks Checkin
- Sushant has been working on optimizing the scaling process. Can't say we made any progress. Only solution is batching process, but even that's not good enough.
- Finetuning is not working. We need really high quality ground truth data. Need to have a proper pipeline in place to hard negative mine and get high quality training data. Hoped we could get away with 10000 dataset and see a small increase in quality. Saw no change with 1000, 10000, 15000. Started looking at the ones it was getting wrong. The evaluation data was incorrect. Either we're going to have to cut the number of verticals in one sitting or come back to this. Running with the 70b model. Will have to run again. Databricks environment is not cheap enough to use. Especially if we have to rely on 70b model. $330 for the summaries. $170000 just for the summaries. Don't have a lot more bandwidth to keep testing with Databricks on that side. We could try with the 8b model but it's not as good.
- What are the alternatives we are exploring and have we been able to validate the price benchmarks: Pivoting to AWS and Kubernetes. This week and next week will be focused on getting that infrastructure set up. Based on comparative cost analysis, we're going to see similar costs. DBRX business model: Pass on the cost of buying a bunch of compute power to the customer. Cyrus will be setting up the model serving endpoint but not the compute power and cluster configuration. Sagar will be doing that. We're going to be managing our entire stack. If it's around the same price, we'll come back to Databricks. If the benchmarks are the same, TogetherAI has a pay per token. Little over 50% cheaper. 
  - Does TogetherAI have good scaling? Do they have batch inference capabilities?
- Anyscale doesn't have pricing upfront, but non enterprise pricing is also very competitive. 
- DBRX wants to contract together the general compute and genai related needs. 
- Tian: Test benchmarks at scale. DBRX can of course allocate more GPUs if needed.
- Cyrus: Product is very easy to use, but the price point just didn't work up. Budgeting and alignment from people above us wasn't explicitly discussed with us. Worst case, we train ML models for all verticals, approx. one month per vertical 
- Mikaela: Wants to help us make the justification to business. Some spreadsheet is referenced. 
- Cyrus: Frankly it's not in our pay grade to fight for budgets and executive decision making. We're just providing the options and analysis for the powers that be to decide.
- Mikaela: Wrapping up the qdrant POC end of week. Anythign about that? 
- Cyrus: Facing issues with devops on the Kubernetes cluster for qdrant. We want to make sure there are no surprises for qdrant. There might have been some wiggle room with DBRX pricing. 

## Sushant Cyrus 1-1
- qdrant cluster has been setup. As soon as Sagar can upload cippus text to it, we can move away from the RAG setup in databricks. That would represent my ability to build the entire end-to-end pipeline
- Go into the notebooks for Cyrus's RAG workflow. Recreate them but hit the qdrant dataset. 
- At most 20000 posts per account. 
- Sagar getting cippus_text uploaded by tomorrow is a priority. 
- Get the meeting setup with Kat and Paige tomorrow. 
- In terms of demo for Friday next week: Have the RAG code ready. If we're successfull with getting qdrant setup, we can run the rag. If the cippus text isn't uploaded
- Cyrus is going to work on getting AWS code setup. 

## Data Team Weekly Sync
- Can get demo pro audience data through their UI?
- Ryan is looking into some issues with the ETL stuff. 
- Cyrus is noticeably quiet. 
- Cyrus: Little bit of bad news. We're not going to be able to run all of the verticals we thought we would. The AI model is too expensive to deploy. The finetuning process takes too much time and resources. Drop offensive language, travel, and fashion. Lower quality model isn't as performant. Can obviously come back later. All of this can be done. Having the pared down set of verticals is the only way this is going to work. 
- Moving away from Databricks for model serving. Testing with AWS. Can ensure much cheaper approach in this platform. 
- Sagar: Just finished the qdrant database setup. Modifying all of the pipelines to be finished and data ingested by tomorrow. Then 
- Alex: ETL issues. Old data from July. Took them out. Very close to getting it working. Backup plan is to use Redshift as a source for the time being. 
- Alex: BI-related; the development work to get the data into a format usable for Quicksight needs to have a ticket. We were originally 
- Rose: Follow up on the search-related tickets. 
- Sagar: We'll review tickets offline and make it as close to current state as possible. Can get this done tomorrow. 
- Kat: Introduces something for 2025. Once we have squad picked up, they will create content all over 2025. Create a content repository for them. Hilton has a similar request. Asking about our ability to leverage image recognition capabilities. 
- Mack: Data team right now is at full capacity. Search is extremely important. Fortunate that we have given time and resources for sephora at all. There are a lot of items in this task that we don't have the ability to do. 
- Sephora Canada is asking for the same thing as Sephora USA. 
