---
title: "Thursday August 8, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-08T08:22:53"
date: "2024-08-08T08:22:56"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false  
---
Yesterday I had boba around 4:30. I couldn't fall asleep / chose not to sleep until 11 PM. 

# To Do
- Coordinate with Jawahar Uncle and Manthan
- Decide about night hike. Where to watch the Perseids. 
- Downloaded music send to Manthan
- Look at my tie

# Time Tracking
## Alix Partners
- Need to think of a scope for RPM demo early next week

## Influential

# Meetings
## 2024 Intern Presentation
## Cyrus 1-1 Sync
- Data is not naturally in the driver
- Driver is weak. Can set it to be powerful, but driver is weaker instance than all of the worker nodes. Driver is primarily responsible for giving instructions.
- Save it to tmp table in DBFS. Object.create or replace temp view.
- Can be handled by spark and SQL
- If we're ever in a multi language pipeline, can go to next cell and read temp table in scala, SQL or R.
- Summaries table can be saved to a temp table and then immediately
- Notebook cost was 80 dollars. Overwhelmingly the cost is the model endpoint.
- How do we ensure that the provisioned throughput is not overwhelmed.
- Another project in a couple weeks. Involves summarization. Use the template. Related to sephora project.
  - "Testimonials". Gave opportunities for followers 
  - 20,000 accounts worth of testimonials.
- Sample data for accounts. 
- Ideally would be in a dashboard. Get help of Ryan. Table with filters. 
- Can potentially spin up a flask webapp or something and talk to devops. Project for me and devops to get together and upload to kubernetes access. 

## Debug Session with Alex
- The Delta Tables are not meant to be used as a primary data source. 
- Won't be using redshift in our pipelines to go to production anyway.
