---
title: "Sunday October 19th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-10-19T12:26:36"
date: "2024-10-19T12:26:41"
publish: false
tags:
  - "agenda"
---

Today I woke up feeling terrible. I had nightmares that Natalia and Adriana sent a public message to the entire Deedi team that was a terrible person, professionally. I spoke to Kashyap last night and I disappointed him. 

He wasn't aware that I was working at all for Influential. He decided that we won't extend my contract in December. I told him that Influential offered me a full time offer starting in January, and that we were negotiating my salary. He asked me about how Publicis would give stocks and assign a bonus. Kashyap is traveling to Hawaii from Monday to Thursday next week. He mentioned he was preparing this whole weekend for big presentations on Monday. 

He did give me some advice:
  - Create a detailed hand-off plan for my projects. RPM Powerpoint extraction and schema optimization.
  - Be proactive about setting up meetings with my points of contact. I am accountable to Kevin and Adriana and they are both loosely accountable to Natalia. 
  - Routinely create and receive feedback regarding work artifacts. 
  - Contractors are hired to focus and take ownership of very specific initiatives.
  - Create video presentations of technical demos and make them accessible for the wider team.
  - Gain insight about the business when possible. 

He didn't tell me that he recently started a contract project with Anthropic. He updated his LinkedIn profile.   

Additionally on Friday I was scheduled to have an interview with Hari Gutlapalli for Kaiser Permanente. I made a terrible mistake. I lost track of time and joined the meeting at 3:10 PM instead of 3 PM. He wasn't there. I sent an email at 3:15 to him and Tina and there was no response. They won't move forward with my application. 

This last week I realized, or remembered, that I lack self-confidence. I don't know what my personal and professional value is. I lack discipline and long term vision. I'm not honest. 

Is there a point in accumulating wealth without personal values? What sacrifices have I really made to get to where I am today? What's the point of it all?

Kashyap asked me what I was going outside of work. I said "just existing". He could tell I was deeply tired. 

There's nothing more repulsive to a man of power than to be around a man who's not the master of his elements. 

The major areas of life to pursue mastery in:
  - Personal finance. 
  - Personal cleanliness.
  - Eating habits.
  - Health - Aarogya
  - Honesty - Satya 
  - Straight forwardness - Arjavam
  - Self-discipline - Tapas, Pariskara, Dama, Abhyasa
  - Perseverance - Dhrti, Utsaaha.
  - Concentration - Dharana
  - Accountability, Responsibility - Dharma
  - Speech - Vacana
  - Kindness - Maitreyi
  - Mentorship - Guru

Following a routine is a method of persevereance and adhering to one's own dharma. 

By overworking and working two jobs, I was unable to go above and beyond in my first job, which was my main responsibility. 

What are some books about successful people in industry?

> the difference of values between highly successful people and ordinary people are their dreams, attitudes, vision, belief, skills, capacity, desire, determination, discipline and work ethic.

Is family my number one priority? I have intuition but not integrity. 
