---
title: "Sushant Vema"
date_created: "2024-07-25T08:36:35"
date: "2024-07-25T08:36:38"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false
---

# All Hands Meeting
This is my first time seeing Ryan Detert speaking. The all hands is starting off by shouting out people by length of tenure.

There are 300 people in the meeting, but perhaps the meeting is capped in capacity.

There are folks who have been here for 9+ years. The company is very non-Asian.

There are folks who have closed huge sales deals. 

Most trustworthy and recognizable brand in influencer marketing history. Influential Beach. Forbes top creators list. 

Chris Poydenis started to speak. 99% of startups fail. But he joined anyway one decade ago because he believed in Ryan and Chris. They started with a chip on their shoulder. 

What they did right is putting all of these great people together. "If only one company was going to make it, it would be us."

Influencer was acquired by Publicis Groupe? Something about vesting options. 

## Benefits
401k match is 4%. Everybody moving to Fidelity. Enhanced health insurance plan with Blue Shield. Medical, dental, vision. Legal insurance, health advocates. Remote first company but have access to multiple office locations around the globe. Flexible time off policy that's similar to PTO policy.

Extremely rare that Artur will engage in acquisitions. 

July 25 12pm ET: 10 min session with Arthur Sadoun, Chairman & CEO of Publicis Groupe

July 26: 5 PM. Illustrative explanation for stock options. 

August 1: 3pm-4:30PM Virtual town hall with publicis.

Aug 15: NYC Party

Sept 23: LA Party. Publicis has the best clients and is the largest and fastest growing. "Tail of the tiger".

Andrea Millett. 3 years at Influential or Publicis, not sure. Everyone is going to wait to see how this impacts the industry. 

Arthur Sadoun. French homie. U.S is 65% of business. 

"Not a big fan of acquisition." Only goes for acquisition if there's a strong feeling that this is the right move. 

"Influential + Publicis means immediate leadership."

"I don't give a shit about investors... I'm a client guy and I'm a product guy."

"We're going to put you in the center of the organization. Expose to many things."

"Expecting a billion. Inviting everyone to Paris for a week of fun."

We believe in different culture, different expertise. "You guys are bringing something very different. Last thing we want is for you to change."

Elizabeth Firth: "We have to bring the best of both worlds here and be very pragmatic." Continue to cultivate those clients on our own. 

Start work bringing other capabilities in order to improve market share. Biggest source of development will be media clients (Dave Penski). Don't lose any clients working with competitors.

"Better access to tools and tech." 40 percent of clients in the US with any significance. 

Cultural Quotient and other teams. I don't like the vibes of this guy Dave Penski. 

"Publicis Media is more diverse than the U.S population".

Take 4 policy. All of the C level people or presidents have to mentor 4 diverse people with an aim towards promotion. This guy lives under a fucking rock. 

Juan Olea. VP of commerce. We have a huge amount of business from commerce. 

Five years ago retail media was nothing, but now it's a billion dollar business. Chris would like Dave's POV: "We're not going to be given anything. Earn every inch that we get from Publicis." "Arthur will never forget that billion dollars. We want to win every pitch."

What is the role that influencer marketing will play in the future? Faster path to conversion. More productized way. 

Adam Berkowitz. This guy seems more down to earth and empathetic. Right now they have an investment fund of their own. 

# Work tracking
- 
