---
title: "Thursday September 12th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-09-12T09:05:50"
date: "2024-09-12T09:05:53"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false
---

# Personal

# Work

## AlixPartners = 
The vision is to have a library of templates with Pydantic schemas to apply on a per-file bases. 
Ask the LLM to give line numbers. 
Code itself is fairly straightforward. 
Save the results into a database or retention mechanism. 
Potentially a way to do async job pattern. 

Priorities:
  - Rety logic is very new. Determine some threshold or something. 
  - Batch processing is not available yet on a regional basis. 
  - Doesn't do a great job catching errors. Also should give a breakdown of what can be retried. 
  - Frontend developer working on merging this logic with frontend stuff. 
  - Will be part of the deployed Deedi App. 
  - There's a wiki page with some thoughts. 
  - There's a contracts page which is right here. 
  - Check to see if I can use get keyvault secrets script

## Influential - Data Science Standup  
- Cyrus: Finetuning did make some improvements. By midday today, some code to do a test batch to test 100k inference requests through the batching API. Chat completion API for OpenAI is garbage. Not a very good platform to do testing. In the future if we want to release a new model and do prompt engineering and dev work, really bad API. 
- Anj: Databricks. Need to give them some more specifics in a couple of days. Their product is beta right now. Felt bad telling them that their product wasn't for me. Didn't want to buy at a 90% discount. It was an uncomfortable call, but it's done. 
- Cyrus: Everyone is clear about what they're demoing tomorrow except for maybe Alex. 
- Anj: What about OpenAI not meeting what we're looking for?
- Cyrus: For the summaries, we're okay. 

## Influential - Sushant Cyrus Ryan Sync

## AlixPartners - RPM Process Checkin Meeting
- Mention I am getting a new laptop. 
- Created a new VDI instance with developer capabilities. 
- What does expected in the data mean? Expected in the data inputted to the API or what? There are only certain things I can extract from PDF PPT's
- Can we rewrite csharp script to python?? How to use it?
- Off next week. Karina will be the point of contact for all of this. 
- Maybe you should have 
- License and repository 
- If there's a new column or something to include into the database, they can modify the API. 
- Upload all of them into the drive folder. List of companies and all of the powerpoints. 
- Default value of data quality?
- 1 on the conversion rate
- We have a list of approved MainIndustries
- Chris loves processes. 

## ETL Shenanigans
- Get permalink function to the actual social media app. 
- Generates the permalinks based on the actual logic for creating the URL. 
-
