---
title: "Wednesday August 14, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-14T09:18:36"
date: "2024-08-14T09:18:44"
publish: false
tags:
  - "agenda"
---

# Top of Mind
## Subscriptions
- Delete Linkedin Premium Subscription
- Delete Angstrom Alpha Subscriptions
## Work
- Ask Databricks folks about template for parallelizing mlflow evaluation
- Ask Databricks about prompt engineering UI
- Implement mlflow logging. Organize evaluation runs under an experiment collection
- Found a few examples of running multiple mlflow runs in parallel using python multiprocessing, but I'm not sure if that's the right way to do it on Databricks. 

# Time Tracking
## Influential
## AlixPartners

# Meetings
## Data Science Daily Standup
- Alex: Incremental testing. Few tables brought in in the very beginning. Network accounts, cippus. By end of the week, data will have incremental ETL going. As the data goes into the delta table, there will be some processing in a pandas_udf. 
- Cyrus: ETL processes need to have a trigger time since we have to launch every day. Need to run some tests to see what the average daily load is. How long does it take to load all accounts for all networks day to day. This is all brought into the raw layer from MariaDB. 
- Ryan: Yesterday, Alex asked Ryan to pull in statistics about tables. Sephora items which might need to be delegated to Ryan. 
- Cyrus: Might have mocked up scores ready to visualize. Ryan and him will meet to walk through the dashboards which currently exist. Fake simulated data that is scored and ranked. 
- Cyrus: Sephora. Ranking algorithm. 2-3 approaches. 
- Cyrus: Kind of shat on me. All I need to do is finish the manual audit of the evaluations and give it approval for Cyrus.

## Influential Databricks Checkin
- Kicking off notebooks from other notebooks. 
- Writing to DBFS instead of volumes
-

## Sushant Cyrus 1-1
- Set up a meeting with Ryan today to walk him through the evaluation. Exposure to what that looks like. 
- Going to be spearheading evaluating of the retrieval process. 
- Incorporate the notebook into the workflow. Test 100 runs and that it runs in a reasonable amount of time. 
- Youtube is done. We're run all of the summaries in Youtube. Team up with Alex and Ryan to get more experience on the data engineering side. 
- What is the best design for us to be reading in new accounts each day.
- 

## Data Team Weekly Sync
