---
title: "Tuesday September 17th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-09-17T06:21:01"
date: "2024-09-17T06:21:05"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false  
---

# Personal

# Work
## All Initiatives Ongoing
1. OpenAI Batch Inference Script
2. CSharp to Python script refactoring for data upload
3. Help Sagar with cippus ingestion into qdrant
4. Run discovery on Deedi failure modes
5. RPM create training and testing data
6. Incremental ETL, snapshotting, and versioning logic

## AlixPartners - Deedi VDI Setup
1. Activate the virtual environment (`.\venv\Scripts\activate.ps1`)
2. `python get_keyvault_secrets.py qa`
3. `streamlit run Home.py`

## AlixPartners - Document Extraction Discovery
### AlixPartners (September 12) - Document Extraction Discussion
The vision is to have a library of templates with Pydantic schemas to apply on a per-file bases. 
Ask the LLM to give line numbers. 
Code itself is fairly straightforward. 
Save the results into a database or retention mechanism. 
Potentially a way to do async job pattern. 

Priorities:
  - Rety logic is very new. Determine some threshold or something. 
  - Batch processing is not available yet on a regional basis. 
  - Doesn't do a great job catching errors. Also should give a breakdown of what can be retried. 
  - Frontend developer working on merging this logic with frontend stuff. 
  - Will be part of the deployed Deedi App. 
  - There's a wiki page with some thoughts. 
  - There's a contracts page which is right here. 
  - Check to see if I can use get keyvault secrets script

## Influential - Data Science Standup
- Alex: Cippus completed and working in incremental ETL. cippus_text data loaded in yesterday. Setting up different environments. Waiting to get blocked for demo-pro, should be ready in a day or two. 
- Bruno: Yesterday met with Taylor to get new tasks. One of the
- Sagar: ingestion process for cippus. Qdrant data will be ready for me by 11:30
-

