---
title: "Thursday August 29th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-29T09:47:28"
date: "2024-08-29T09:47:31"

---

# Meetings
## Data Science Standup
- Cyrus: Finetuning improved. Requesting admin access from Taylor. Taylor needs it from Anj. Rest of the day is focused on re-running fine-tuning in the AWS environment. Setting up model serving via AWS jumpstart. Tuesday grab the finetuned model and test inference. Test little by little and then scale. Pass results to Ryan and Sushant to review and append to the google sheet. 
- Anj: Respond to AWS thread about a meeting on Tuesday or Wednesday. 
- Ryan: Dashboard testing in Databricks. Very easy to deal with changes in schemas. Definitely a bit of a learning curve. 
- Sagar: Get the qdrant hybrid setup working. Started ingesting data. The post data and the profiles data is getting ingested really smoothly. Finalizing the code this evening and check it in. Asked qdrant guys to help setup the production layout. Gives enough time to get familiar with the setup. Working with Cyrus to help setup pipelines for AWS Sagemaker. Noticed that there are a couple of tasks that are missing. 
- Anj: Wants search to be available for operations in Q4. We do the backend side for database, ETL, inference. Once that is ready, we can increase the resources on the frontend side. Prioritize search more than vertical classification. 

## RPM Database Meeting with Adriane
Questions:
  - There are 23 items in the database right now, but they don't follow the same schema.
  - Python module with helper functions to read and run analysis on RPMDB data
  - Separation of metadata versus 

We need to insert the data through the API because there is logic for anonymization

We are asking other practitioners to fill this template

Radial and DD. Radial currently is not consuming, they are just inserting.

3k engagements a year

Creating a staging environment

## AWS Local Development Environment Setup 
- Created conda environment `localsm`. Installed awscliv2 and boto3 packages. Able to read resources from s3. 
- I need to figure out a solution to read data artifacts stored in unity catalogue volumes. 

# Other stuff
## The Millionaire Next Door
Reading up till Chapter 7. 
- How do I specialize and become a better servant to the needs of the wealthy? I already have a niche and am getting close to being a Prodigious Accumulator of Wealth. 
- "If you have 5 friends, you are rich". 

## Berkeley
- I have gotten into Indeng 130. I will have to request access to the bcourses, Gradescope, and Piazza. I will need to check if this is the course for me. 

## Peralta - History 7B

