---
title: "Monday November 25th, 2024
date_created: 2024-11-26T08:13:15
date: 2024-11-26T08:13:17
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false
---

# Monday Nov 25 Standup Notes
- Sagar: FB accounts will be updated today, posts updated tomorrow. (missing notes here)
- Cyrus: continuing with inference. Seems like there's no prompt caching going on (very odd - sushant). Should be faster this week b/c of resource availability
- Sushant: refactored cippus media, summarized vscrum update I made this morning.
- Ryan: QC on summaries using my suggested logic. Continued discovery on the briefs. Ryan asked me for tables for other purposes.
- William: Something about filters. 
  - Cyrus: wants Alex to coordinate with William to see what fields we don't have in qdrant right now, when we're going to put them them, and if there are any breaking changes. Sushant updated the spreadsheet last Friday and asked all relevant FE table to verify. 
  - Sushant: I insisted that a set of remaining fields are to be saved for a future release, where we can cleaning upsert them into qdrant for all platforms using most up-to-date flat tables. 
  - Sushant: For purposes of quickly getting *some* data for these new fields to FE team immediately, we can consider having Sagar use one subsection of the latest flat tables (e.g Facebook posts for example), and upload them. 
  - Sushant: Going to schedule 30 minutes with Alex and William today to hash this out
- Alex: Writing to delta is 3 sequential for loops. Potential that we have some data we need to put into bronze tables. Data across the past 30 days. 
- Alex: sprint stuff moved to the end of the week. Steve planning for tmrw afternoon. 
- William: additional network, bug fixes, some UI stuff, nothing major. 
- Taylor: Asking about changing machine configurations. DBRX has many different, qdrant just has one config. No changes will be made right now. We can reassess infrastructure needs much later. 
- Alex: DBRX compute tagging and organization can be streamlined. 

# FE Meeting
- no failing 
- no complaints with filters not working
- some people brought up payload schema. Could be important for performance reasons. 
- Can be performance improvements in having schema defined and what types of filters can be used. 
- there are things we can do; for batch filtering cyrus was having trouble filtering by network account id. Added an index after conferring with 
- 30 seconds requests then time out
- time out 100 seconds even for databricks 
- the yellow UI requirements are fields that aren't even returned in the payload. 
