---
title: "Friday August 23th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-25T10:03:19"
date: "2024-08-25T10:03:23"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false
---

# Questions about Publicis Benefits
If we enroll between today and Aug 30th, will we have gaps in coverage, based on the 7-14 days for BCBS to acknowledge?
 
Can we rollover our Guideline 401K to Publicis 401K before Sept 1st?
 
Can we rollover our Guideline 401K to an IRA?
 
Question: Are there different plan options based upon the state you reside, or is it one North America set of benefits for all?  
 
How much of our insurance is covered by the company? Previously i believe it was fully covered?
 
Question: What happens to premium plan costs if you are given a pay increase into a next bracket mid-year?
 
Can we OPT OUT for medical benefits but apply for life insurance?
 
Will there be another open enrollment later in the year, like the typical Nov-Jan one?
 
so we need to fill out all of these questionnaires before we can select benefits?
 
and for direct deposit, when do we enroll in ADP for that? i'm assuming Influential will not switch payroll providers until all employees are switched over to ADP? 
 
Where do we send the marriage or birth certificate requested for covering spouse or children?
 
What is needed to be sent and to where to waive the $100/month charge for spousal coverage if their employer does not have a company sponsored plan?
 
If someone OPTS OUT of insurance benefits, are they still eligible to receive the other benefits mentioned in the initial slides?
 
Does the Fidelity email go to our personal or work email address?
 
Is the vesting schedule inclusive of our total time at Influential, or the start of this 401k plan specifically?
 
Question: Another phrasing of the 401k question from Jessel is will the seniority with Influential be transferred over to Publicis for 401k vesting and other items?
 
When does Influential's medical coverage end? 
 
do you have to contribute no less than 5% in order to get the 4% match?
 
Is seniority at INFL transferred with Short Term Disability / Maternity Leave? https://learn.bswift.com/publicis/disability
 
Will this changeover impact the continuous employment requirement for FMLA?
 
For those with accrued PTO that was not used prior to Influential's transition to Unlimited PTO, will that be cashed out with the transition or will it still be at the end of their tenure?
 
it tries to send to my old email when i do that which i dont have access to
 
Can you clarify fertility benefits? What was listed in the presentation was different than what was sent to us in the 2024 benefits guide.
 
What is the difference between the co-pay and coinsurance for visits?
 
Can you roll your Guideline 401K into an IRA?
 
Is there a way to see the in-network providers for each plan before determining which plan we would like to enroll in? 
 
