---
title: "Wednesday December 4th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-12-04T07:48:33"
date: "2024-12-04T07:48:37"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false
---

# Day
- Breakfast at Chez Bon Bon. Keep within $17
- Work on Influential
- Work on AlixPartners
- Lunch
- Work on AlixPartners
- Work on Influential
- Ice skating
- Dinner
- Gambling

# Tasks to schedule
- Follow up with robyn about overpayment resolution method
- Submit change of domain emphasis request ASAP rocky
- Follow up on Kaiser thread

# Influential
- Run all components of the ETL pipeline in their appropriate jobs
- Deleted dummy tables and created a one-time-job notebook for this
## Standup
- Sagar: Yesterday partition mismatch and ingestion failed. Targeting today. 
- Alex: Liquid clustering is still in progress. Started at 3 AM. Backfilled data from october to november completed last night.
- Cyrus: Need to set up dev environment today to test incremental qdrant ingestion. Need to have a data where everything we touch in production need to be tracked. Current databricks environment is not the final. 
- Bruno: Opened a support ticket with qdrant. Backup is showing complete on the UI but it didn't finish properly. EFS size is 126 terrabytes. Applications using EFS to store data are the applications generating logs. Influential cluster is not using EFS. Continue to investigate to see which application is generating that amount of logs. The size is way too big. 
- Cody: Today still working on pentest remediation. Meetings with Taylor. Possibilities for name space injection in campaign portal. After that remediating search 2.0 content results table based on what QA found. 
## ETL GenAI Integration
- dvision of labor, priorities, implementation
- simulate the process of ingesting cippus flat -> qdrant ingest using embeddings that we already have

# AlixPartners
## Natalia checkin
- Pushing on RPM code
