---
title: "Monday July 29, 2024"
---

Got approval to massively reduce total number of data objects to store in the vector store. Instead of trying to scale to everything, the goal by end of next month is entirety of youtube. 

Influencer viability project. R&D project that separates high quality from low quality influencers. Statistical model with a binary result. Engagement rate, rate of growth, follower growth, share of sponsored posts. Share of sponsored posts. We don't know where on that spectrum the threshold 

Usually 1000 out of millions of accounts added to lists. 

Took all the accounts added to lists. Filtered out all the accounts that were never added. Tried to recreate 

Thresholds represent lots of good accounts above the threshold and not many bad accounts. 

In search we need to be more sensitives to false negatives than false positives. The identified threshold represents a 80% reduction. 

Continue to focus on what we're doing. EOD today or tomorrow, I can show a sample of 20 random accounts to 

Todo:
  - Cyrus needs to send the golden list of IDs
  - add the number of cippus texts 
  - algorithmic certainty score 
  - Run two 20s separately. 
  - Threshold is 75% 
  - create an overall average score that should be above 0.5?

There's some secret project going on here. Sephora vetting. 

Meet at the end of the day. Otherwise meet at the meeting tomorrow. Cyrus will work on getting the parallelization going for vertical classification. 

# Sephora Viability Meeting
Stuff to add to extractive summarization:
  - content type: long form vs short form
  - primary language
Within the criteria page that Paige walked us through, what is data that we can get vs what we cannot?
Some things the vetting team will have to manually check. 

20000 applicants, but people are going to lie. Distributions of what verticals they're active in. 

How can we automate the intake process and weed out as many people as possible. 

Just because someone has the age range of a millennial, how do we accurately score them and determine who is the cream of the crop? We need an understanding of how these fields are prioritized. 

50-65 members out of 20000 people. 

Stratifications -> Ranking -> Threshold

They want some influencers with good cross platform presence.

Influencers will input their handle and accounts for pinterest and substack. 

What might be the turnaround time between getting a batch and manual vetting. Need to do some work before scoping. Three exports of data that will come to us in this form. 

Batch re-ranking. Since scores will be relational. Squad is not announced until November 20. Sept 4 to November 20. What we deliver isn't set in stone. Marketing team will need to use our data. Will need our scores and ranking to do manual verifications. 

Question between categorical and ordinal ranking. 

"Finding an automated way to use chatgpt to do google search vetting"

Most important thing we need from sephora is a list of their most important criteria. 

Next steps:
  - Paige goes back to sephora to get better understanding of prioritization
  - Anj and Mack: Resources put towards chatgpt vs allocation for Cyrus's work
  - Timeline needs to be settled
  - First batch will be received a week before 8.14
  - Get sample data beforehand
  - Wait until 8.21 and in the meantime need to get rankings. 

Ideas:
  - Information density score
  - Truthfulness or profile alignment score
  - Ryan will write up a document of hard filters
