---
title: "Monday August 19, 2024"
date_created: "2024-08-19T06:40:39"
date: "2024-08-19T06:40:43"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false  
---

# Top of Mind
- Apply concurrent enrollment classes ASAP
- Apply to Kaiser IT Engineer ASAP
- Contribute to Roth IRA for this year
- Powerpoint slides for RPM Extraction
- Register for National Camp

# Time Tracking
## AlixPartners
- Finished powerpoint presentation

## Influential
- Sent 

# Meetings
## Standup
- Anj is asking Cyrus and Alex to get an estimate for cost in adding another 100k creators for example to our platform. They will meet at 4:30PM. Average token length of the posts. Can do S3 cost, Databricks annual subscription in there. Partial and full account option. We get judged based on how many creators we have. If someone gives 500k creators right now, we want to mark them as partially ingested and then pull in their posts. 
- Ryan: Ask Cyrus and Sushant for help with them. Code to replace the reporting process. Airflow was buggy. Not sure where Alex got to on the ingestion. Naming conventions is done. Assigned the task that Anj wants. 
- Cyrus: Meet after to do one more run with their suggested parameters. Initial datadrop might be dropped at end of day. This week we need to hammer out two things. What are we doing for model endpoint. TogetherAI, Anyscale, TitanML, Amazon Sagemaker. Need to come to a conclusion on vector store. Discussion on Weaviate tail end of last week. Efficient ingestion is a struggle. Haven't heard pricing from Weaviate. Everything has been slow with them. Stalling purposefully because they don't have their setup ready. Should spend most of our resources on Quadrant right now. Alex is taking the lead on setting up the Kubernetes cluster. And check-in on status of incremental ETL. 
- Anj: Keep or postpone quadrant meeting today. Decided to postpone 
- Sagar: Before left, he finalized the way preprocessing will be done on the data. As per best practices. What changes need to be made if we have to move to qdrant. Chatting on a daily basis with Cyrus. Another way to handle batch inference for classification. Much more cost effective, on AWS itself. Just understood the costing and pricing around it. Might be cheaper than Anyscale and TogetherAI. Need to sync with Cyrus and Alex about what pieces are done and what are remaining. Get target state and current state analysis done by today to tomorrow. We have been working on different pieces but now we have to tie them all up. 

## Sushant Cyrus 1-1
- Transfering benefits was a pain. Background checks again. Background check was incomplete because he wasn't
- Freezing accounts is only allowed occasionally.
- Haven't heard back from Sephora. Turn around is on Thursday.
- How many GPUs do we get per band?
- 12k max provisioned throughput, 1 GPU. 12 -> 24k, 2 GPUs.
- Cyrus has some code that does the following:
  - Grabs the number of cores that exist in the workers. Calculates the concurrency
  - Calculates the max provisioned throughput.
- Between now and 4 people, run as many tests with their system as I want. If by 4 PM we have something launched and taking 
- Just relaunch what I launched before, but instead of 3000 use 1000. Increase the max throughput to 48000. 
- Reach out at 4. 
- 3.1 8b AWS hosted model. Maybe 70b just for the summarization
- Figure out the summarization timeline before I leave. On the 26th, we'll have examples of this. Even if we don't turn in the summarizations for Sephora, we want to have the workflow ready. 
- Between now and when it drops, we figure out model serving protocol. Will be clear by today. 

## RPM Evaluation Meeting - Sushant, Jens Wilken, George Liu
- We have a set of historical RPM sheets for which we want to automate extraction and ingestion. 
- We haven't finalized a system for extraction yet, but our baseline performs pretty well anecdotally.
- Spoke to Carlo super high level a week ago
- Just coming back from PTO.
- Had one meeting with the M&A team and Emile. Super high level conversations.
- We're both familiar with the RPM concept. Different forms and shapes in RPMs.
- Business and Functional Transformation. Sharepoint where they started to collect RPM data assets. Another data source with a lot of different documents and PDFs.
- Also have Excel databases. Also start with function taxonomy. There's a specific taxonomy out there. Can tag RPMs to job function.
- Adriana is working on a taxonomy like this.
- Emile
- Few pain points. Trying to gather a lot of data from past clients. Might be some legal risks about that.
- We can ignore ISLs at this point. If
- Organizational and financial metrics
- Prioritize going with anything back office. Those are very industry agnostic job functions. These metrics
- What can we get our hands on?
- BFT Sharepoint
- Trying to just find a place to upload this stuff.
- Start with a relatively clean set
- Add the first batch of operational metrics.
- It's important to understand the baseline of the company in order to understand the context of the RPMs.
- Almost every consultant will use this. The project teams use it through all the job ranks. Use it with our clients to talk about performance aspirations. Partners, directors, consultants, associates. First step when we assess the health of the company. 
- There needs to be a process. Discuss with Carlo. Will get hooked up to the Sharepoint website

## Sushant Cyrus Sync 
- Will use batch AI summarization 
- Cap at 6 hours. At least some of the 500 batches finished. 
- 
