---
title: "Monday September 23rd, 2024"
date_created: "2024-09-22T21:53:04"
date: "2024-09-22T21:53:06"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false  
---

# Top of Mind
- KP foloow up, brickflow POC, deedo atcj [rpcessoimg doscpveru, searcj de,p. follow up with Anj about contract and bakpay, follow up with kash about first contract paycheck, check status of history course, check deadline for midterm for ieor 130, make lunch in the morning, pack backpack to go outside, setup python asap rocky on my AP laptop, cancel scheduled lyft ride. 

# Work

## Kaiser Permanente - Kall Tina about Rescheduling Interview (again)
- HackerRank
- First 45 minutes coding test going over the coding interview
- 45 minutes Q&A. By the end of today or tomorrow, will receive an email about the code testing. Deadline of completing the test by 9.26. Next week will move into interviews. 
- Friday October 4th at 11. Oct 7th at 4pm. October 8th at 3:30pm. 
- Email arriving shortly

### Next Steps
- How to prepare for the hackerrank? I'm only going to do it in Python
- Do research on all of the managers in that meeting. 

## Influential - openai_batch_inference_template_prod input unit testing
- Add unit testing for inputs

## Influential - Brickflow Discovery

[[brickflow|Brickflow Notes]]
[Brickflow Discovery Jira Ticket - 20240923 Sprint](https://influential-team.atlassian.net/browse/DS-127)



## Influential - Sushant / Cyrus / Ryan Sync @ 12pm - 12:30pm
- Nearing the finish line, business folks start getting overzealous. 
- The queries they are suggesting won't be hugely effective in our current version of semantic search. 
- The document I shared is not relevant to search 2.0. It's not up to date because that was when Kyle was here. Search 2.0 is not going to include that stuff. Cyrus and Kyle talked about it and they weren't going to include it. 
- Narrow focus: verticals, summaries, image tags, bios, posts. 
- Because we will have to reprioritize so much, Ryan pivoted from dashboard to 
- Breakouts: differences between vertical classification and summarization. Breakdown of ETL which is just in DBRX category. Another breakdown is vector store. 
- Polling: separating the preprocessing node from the polling call. Create a workflow
- What if something happened to databricks and it failed? The openai process will keep going. 
- Decouple the preprocessing, polling, and retrieval. 
- Ryan shared something about sharing variables between tasks in a 
- No error handling logic. Ryan has figured out how to checkin to github. 
- Sushant's priority is Brickflow, Cyrus will focus on optimizing temmplate code. 
- For the demo: Ryan has been working on debugging and monitoring, working with Alex. Show the notebook in github for dashboard monitoring. Show the github integration for the cleanup task notebook. Explain the problem statement to them. 
- Presenting all youtube summaries. Open up the template. Check 90 megabytes. Checks 50000. Incremental ETL stuff. Explain some of the parameters. 
- We're now ready to refactor the rag. Cyrus will work on that. 

## Influential - Search 2.0 Demo @ 1 PM - 1:30 PM
- Sagar said he might drive down to LA with me sometime. 
- Looking great. Scoring piece Cyrus and Sagar will brainstorm. Threshold? The way to do it is to map the business importance of the search results to the scores. Once we do that, we can determine what kind of scoring to go for. Start with the highest score of the search, internal mapping to our weights and scoring patterns, come up with final threshold. 
- Clear multi-lingual support. 
- Cruz dropped off during demo as well. 
- Sagar has Amazon Q running?
- There's an advanced concept that's not yet demo'd. We can also do semantic search on tags. High accuracy with that anecdotally. Semantic and lexical in one go with both categories. 
- Workflows will be run on cheap infrastructure. Almost 8 hours to run under 1 million posts. Using the databricks environment to launch an ephemeral environment to run inference in the cloud. Around 68 dollars to run a million of these. Backfills are the most high-stress. 
- Databricks side cost is also incurred. 
- Alex: Fake data. getting data from bronze layer to silver layer. test_streaming_from_delta_with_cdf
- Databricks enableChangeDataFeed

## Influential - Search 2.0 Youtube Spring Planning @ 1:30 - 2:30
- The schema we're using doesn't allow for subtasks. Subtask tickets are not visible on the sprint board. 
- Create a separate ticket for RAG part. 
- Get production qdrant environment ready. This has to be handed off to DevOps guys. On Friday Bruno got a reply from databricks about how many IP subnets are used. He never followed up - it's way too slow. Bruno reports to Anj, reached out to him and mentioned the problems. 
- At the moment, can't query more than 5 VPCs. Taylor is in charge of service quotas. 
- Cyrus: Taylor is the senior DevOps guy in the team. He has to make sure the junior guy's work is done. 
- Sagar: Ask him to document the challenge and the requirements we have. If necessary, pull the DBRX guys into the problem. Start documenting stuff to know where people are accountable and interventions are required. Bruno is also handling tasks served from other teams. 
- Keep demos on Mondays. 

## Influential - Virtual Scrum Post

