---
title: "Friday July 26, 2024"
author: "Sushant Vema"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false  
---

# Stock options meeting
There will be dozens of these sessions where questions will be reiterated and clarified. 
Larger session at Publicis HQ about benefits and integration
There will be a followup email with key bullet points. 
"It's not the beginning of the end, it's the end of the beginning."
"How do we collectively together do our best to drive the most amount to value".
Triple dip:
  - Why is there value in a venture backed company?
  - Salary
  - Bonus
  - Equity
  - 401k and benefits (deep dive next Thursday)

Up until monday, equity was ethereal in nature. 

4% contribution instead of 1 percent right now.

## Strike Price
The value of the company on the day your options were granted.
This is how much you have to "pay" for your "ownership" in the company. In our instance, you don't have to pay it in cash, we deduct it from the first payment ("cashless exercise").

Worst case possible strike price is $1.27. Everyone has a different strike price and different grants. 

What first payment will look like in coming 4-8 weeks.
What are you fighting for? Uncapped Earnout!!
We make money on annual basis based on multiples of earnings. 
We have to earn into the WSJ headline of $500 million deal. 

Met Arthuro a few weeks ago in New York. Ryan thinks we can be a billion dollar company. 

## High Level Notes and Process
- Accelerated Vesting
  - Get whole 4 years of vesting immediately. Accelerated vesting
- Automatic Payments
  - 3rd party paying agent to manage disbursements throughout the close and earnout period
  - Each influential and onefluential employee will receive an agreement to review and sign that will turn options into shared and then into "right" to receive earnout payments
- Cashless Exercise
  - This is a net transaction. You will not have to pay anything out of pocket to realize your shared. 

Will Starace: Any employee right now that has options doesn't have to do anything. No need to exercise, log into service, etc. 

## What does this mean for my bank account?
Illustrative example for 1000 options at the highest strike price. Last one is $1.27, but previous was below. 

### First Payment Example
- 2 dollars per share paid upon closing
- Originally valued at 1.27 based on when joined. 
- $730 for first payment

### Total Payment
- 3 year earnout, paid annually starting in Q2 2026
- Uncapped earnout means the number is based on how successful we are working as a team
- Earnout potential of, for example, $5 per share if we reach EBITDA goals
- $3700 total payment
- People probably have more than 1000 options

Will: As we move through the next three years, these are your shares that you own
People who came in the last year or two, strike price is higher because there was less risk. 

## When will I get paid for these shares?
Acquisition Close Payment:
  - next 4-8 weeks
  - subject to tax withholdings

Earnout Payments:
  - Future earnout payments will be paid out annually in W2 for previous year's performance
  - Subject to tax withholdings

If options are accelerated, they will be short term and gained through payroll.   

## What can I do to maximize this?
- next 18 months are the most critical. 85% of total earnout is paid based on performance and profitability through end of 2025. 
- Provide you with details on monthly and quarterly all hands on how we're pacing to budget/projects
- Every dollar saved on creators, every dollar optimized for paid media, properly planning travel to minimize expenses, etc all goes back into the collective earnout. 

What do we spend on paid media? What do we spend on creators? Negotiating better deals. Activating campaigns - CSL and AMs and others, work with clients to approve influencers. Negotiate the right prices. 

Going to have access to offices, have moments of cultures. Two closing parties, one per coast. 

Hundreds of Fortune 1000 clients will be delivered to us on a silver platter.

After year 3 when the earnout ends, there are opportunities everywhere.
