---
title: "Friday September 13th, 2024"
date_created: "2024-09-13T09:53:39"
date: "2024-09-13T09:53:43"
tags:
  - "agenda"
publish: false
---

# Work
## Influential - Batch Inference 
- Cyrus: Will focus on the finetuning in the tailend of the demo meeting. Monitoring the finetuning. 
- Sushant: Bring up AI feedback loops. 

## Influential - Engineering All Hands Meeting

## 
- Q4 is the highest priority. Any improvement to Radius will help us do more in Q4. Any Radius distruption in Q4 which negatively impact us that much. Many more campaigns running in the platform. 
- Don't want to disrupt Q4 execution. Will stay into Google in Q4. Create 15 or 20 test users. Try to see if we can keep Slack. Migrating out of google will be painful. 
- Keep a few hours free before the 26th 6 PM party. 

## Search 2.0 Demo
- Ryan: Add code reviews before Dashboards go into regular usage. Excluded runs with downtime. Shows workflow and task-based time and cost breakdowns. Costs might be inflated, so will have to double check. Each visual is powered by some queries. Need to have a query written out for each visual metric. Sagar: There are a few other tables with useful information to correlate to these metrics. 
- Alex: Workflow represents all of the MariaDB tables apart from the last three tables. 
- Sushant: 
- Anj: Wants to be working in production by end of October. 

## ETL Evaluation
- First thing that is needed is to test the 
- Pyspark structured streaming documentation. Also databricks documentation. During processing of the batch, actually run code. 
- Ryan explained the audit notebook. 
- Ingestion report. 
-
